update to include instructions for EU endpoint (#5846)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/api/authentication/authentication.md

## Authentication
All requests to Datadog's API must be authenticated. Requests that write data require *reporting access* and require an `API key`. Requests that read data require *full access* and also require an `application key`.

> By default, the Datadog API authenticates against the Datadog US site. If you are on the Datadog EU site, make sure to add `api_host` to  your options parameters. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: All Datadog API Clients are configured by default to consume Datadog US site APIs. If you are on the Datadog EU site, make sure to configure `api_host` to `https://api.datadoghq.eu` in the options parameters. 
```

Author: thanks @l0k0ms - love the rewording 👍
